everybody welcome to impact Theory you
were here my friends because you believe
the human potential is nearly limitless
but you know that having potential is
not the same as actually doing something
with it so our goal with this show and
company is to introduce you to the
people and ideas that will help you
actually execute on your dreams all
right today's guest clawed her way out
of failure and poverty to become an
award-winning rocket scientist who
helped NASA launched twenty eight space
missions by working her ass off despite
a brutal childhood that saw her stabbed
in the face by a young gang member
abused and at times eating only ice
because her family couldn't afford food
and failing at high school algebra
geometry calculus and chemistry she was
still able to transcend her
circumstances and ultimately went on to
graduate in the top five of her college
class with a degree in mathematics but
her struggles didn't stop there hired by
Boeing at 21 she found herself very out
of place as a young woman of color in a
male-dominated world often the only
woman in a roomful of roughly 200 men
she had to endure hazing and
discrimination on an almost daily basis
despite that however leveraging her
talent and drive she managed to rise up
the ranks and have an astonishingly
successful career she won the modern-day
technology leader award and in 2004 she
was awarded Boeing's company
professional excellence award her
achievements have landed her on
countless high-profile shows including
NBC and CBS News dr. Drew's life
changers oprah.com PBS and her TED talk
on reprogramming the brain to overcome
fear is incredibly popular since leaving
the world of rocket science she's
applied her mathematical skills to
banking and education alike ultimately
founding her own company and she's now
the CEO of Oh L consulting Corporation
and publishing where she is inspiring
and educating the next generation as a
popular speaker and creator of
science-based
entertainment and education please help
me in welcoming the woman People
magazine named the modern day hidden
figure the author of matha phobia and
most recently answers unleashed the
unleashing your brain's power Olympia
Lapointe so good to have you on the show
oh wow so your story is crazy thank you
there's growing up hard and there's
growing up hard
you definitely overcame a lot walk us
through that a little bit cuz I think
that what you accomplished even if you'd
come from an upper middle-class family
would have been extraordinary but to
have really had to struggle the way that
you did and it'll be so hard to capture
here the way that it is in the book how
just so many things are going on at once
but you managed to fight through that
but give us a little taste well Tom
thank you so much I'm just so so happy
to be hearing a show and to share my
story and to inspire your audience but
what I really want to get across to
people is that no matter what type of
circumstances that you have been raised
in or have experienced you always have
the ability to find a way out and create
success for yourself and I had to do
that in my own life and it was not easy
and in when I look back my childhood was
very rough um I grew up in South Central
Los Angeles I was a person who was in a
single-family home it was my mother
took care of four of us by herself as
she struggled and we were on welfare we
didn't have money and sometimes we
didn't have food to eat and we didn't
know any different but what the
difference was was when we would go pass
at the time it was USC was closed by us
and I'd see all the college students go
towards the campus and I thought to
myself where are they going what are you
doing why they look different than the
rest of people they're in the group in
and that always kept in the back of my
head and our mother said whatever you do
in order to change your circumstance
you're gonna have to get an education
and so I I kept that in the back of my
head no matter what I had to educate
myself I had to get a degree I the
people that I saw going to the school
down the street that's something I could
do and I had that vision and it it
through a series of circumstances it was
very rough and when I was 10 years old
sitting next to this boy in this
classroom and he and I got into an
argument and because weird two kids in
the same position same location in time
but our choices were different and at
that moment time we got into an argument
and I always had a smart mouth I always
had a way to be able to push buttons
because I died I didn't know the power
of my words back then and now I do and
now I actually embrace that at the time
I was a ten year old child I was pushing
buttons and he got upset and he stood up
and he hit me right underneath my eye
and I remember all of my entire vision
going dark and hearing screams and
that's when I felt the wet on my face
and then I heard I'm like this out but
the way I feel and I couldn't see
anything and as far as it was kind of a
blurred out because any time we go
through traumatic experiences sometimes
the brain actually just hides it mm-hmm
and then I remember being brought to the
hospital where the search and put five
layers of stitches in my face and he
said had this been any higher you would
have lost your eye and I remember being
kind of like shocked PR was this
ten-year-old child they are not
necessarily knowing what to do but the
surgeon said something that I'll always
remember he said I'm gonna sew your face
so well that all you'll see is the line
and then when you get on TV in the
future all you'll see is a line if you
ever want to get rid of it you can have
plastic surgery but I'm gonna sew this
up so well that when you get on TV in
the future to tell your story that's all
they'll see and here I was this tenure
child listening to this and suddenly
from mica being laying there getting
stitches in my face I wasn't thinking
about the stitches I was thinking oh god
Tina is she gonna be able to do
something and it was like the exciting
part and later on after that my mother
pulled me on at school to keep me safe
and then she put me into this school
completely on the other side of town and
it was a gifted school gifted magnet and
I was with people who were brewing they
were geniuses and I was no way her near
how brilliant these people were and I
remember finding myself having to listen
to what they were saying cuz how they
said it was in different words than I
used I spoke with a broken English and
that was the type of environment that
were in because we weren't taught the
proper way of of speaking English and I
even had an accent before and I remember
being around these individuals and I
remember just listening to their voice
and thinking they're using words
differently than how I use it and I
studied how people spoke I was gonna say
so I have a theory about the inner
cities so the inner cities so I went to
USC and did some big brother like work
in the inner cities and really got a
sense of thank you for what for sure
that that's a whole another story for
another day which doesn't touch what
you've done but being there and seeing
that you begin to get a real sense of
the adversity that has to be overcome
and I believe that most of the people
that the inner city touches it destroys
but every now and then it creates
somebody extraordinary what was it that
made you listen what was it that made
you say I I'm going to adopt that I'm
gonna learn that I'm gonna get out of
this like why doesn't that happen to
everybody you pose such a great question
when you are expected to succeed by your
mentors or parents or teachers when
there is an expectation on your life to
do well at an early age you adopted you
address it you adhere to it you created
but if you are never given that
opportunity to know what you are capable
of doing if you are never given that
that word that encouragement missus do
you know what you can be good at
mathematics even though you failed
algebra and geometry and calculus and
chemistry which I did you can actually
do well in mathematics if if there's not
someone showing you your worth when you
can't see it you'll forever be looking
in the mirror thinking that you're not
worth what you are and for me every
single time I went to went
at school crosstown it was like around
two two hours away from where I was
every time I would come back it was like
a wake-up call I would go to this school
that was like in a predominantly
well-off area and everyone had books and
and paper and really nice shoes we were
looking at this thinking oh I don't have
any of that and every time I would come
back into my neighborhood I would see
the graffiti and I'd see the the trash
and I thought to myself what makes a
difference why are there people here in
this situation versus here in this
situation and every single day out come
back and it came down to this it was the
thinking how we think how we look at
situations whether or not we see
ourselves doing well and being
successful or versus if we see ourselves
as a not successful person in an
environment our thinking defines our
life and when we can take hold of our
thought and see it for what it is and
change it and transform it and change it
to convert it into an energy that
Alisha's a brain power that allows us to
change a situation that my friend is how
we change our lives and that's how we
change everyone else's life you know who
Luther Campbell is tell me who so he was
the lead singer to Live Crew's so he had
a very similar situation so he grew up
in South Florida I think just outside of
Miami and he used to get bussed from the
inner cities into a wealthy neighborhood
to play football because he was good and
he had a very similar experience it was
interesting hearing you describe that
which you didn't go into as much detail
in the book about the back and forth
back and forth back and forth but
hearing that like that would be such a
visceral reminder of the change so when
I was big Brethren I used to do that I
would take him to Beverly Hills to watch
movies because I wanted him to see
something beautiful that was like this
driving thing in me I was like this it
can't be all that he sees is this
literal concrete jungle right like the
only thing he saw going from home to
school was concrete I mean there's like
literally three trees and there's
nothing and so just trying to get that
that visual do that was that something
that
you've thought about in real time were
you like I need to get out of this like
this is going from something beautiful
that I want to something that is painful
that I want to get out of every place
has its pros and cons really great
places we'll still have a con to it
really horrific places we'll have a
benefit to it and it's all how we see a
situation every time I was bused into
that school I felt oh wow I get a chance
to learn but at the same time I realized
how superficial was everyone looked at
each other based on what they owned
versus what how what their character was
and so I saw the benefit and the
detriment of that situation and then
when I came back home and was bused into
the area immediately when I came off a
bus I was like alright how do I make
sure I'm not shot down this is literally
what went through my head my mom used to
make you guys sleep sleep feet to the
the street side yeah and it sounds it
when I say this now I realized that tell
people why right uh when I was when I
get off my bus and then I come home
there was a lot of gang violence and I
was very thankful to be able to get home
and once we got inside the door and saw
the house were like okay we're somewhat
safe but there was a crack house next to
our house and my mother had decided to
go back to school shortly before they
had moved in and she went to night
school and when she found out that there
was a crack house she had to drop going
to night school to stay at home to keep
us safe and then she put up this metal
on the side of the wall and she had his
sleep in the bed in certain direction
and she said I'm having you sleep this
ways and I'm gonna put this metal up so
if a bullet comes to the wall hopefully
it hit the metal first and if it pierces
through the metal at least it will hit
your feet and not your head and this is
where we grew up and I remember making a
note to myself I will do anything and
everything to make sure I am NOT going
to place myself in a situation like this
and I'm going to get an education so I
can encourage other people to be able to
succeed in life
and that was my decision because I know
one shot to go through that but the
beautiful part about going through that
is no matter what type of situation I
faced in the future if I could get
through that I could get there anything
yeah and I mean knowing your story it's
like okay that was already insane to be
able to get over that but going from
that then you got it in in your TED talk
the way that you told the story is
really interesting you're like building
it up and in 11th grade I finally meet
this tutor and he teaches me you know
how to do calculus and I'm finally
getting I realize I can do it and I take
the AP test and I want to tell you that
I passed you go from that to like fifth
in your class and graduate with a degree
in mathematics when people are telling
you to quit by the way like what what's
going on in your mind what are the
mindset pieces that you're putting
together to not let people stop you to
not let naysayer slow you down like what
are you doing mentally oh it was a
mental challenge I must tell you and and
what happened was I was failing out
where I felt out of her I fell geometry
I failed at calculus and chemistry and
there was this calculus teacher that
said all right I'm gonna offer calculus
tutoring for anyone who's willing to
come to the campus during the winter
break and I thought everyone was gonna
go and I didn't even have money to go at
the time and I thought this is an
opportunity someone's gonna tutor me
this is great and I remember
specifically it costs a dollar 35 to get
on the bus to get the bus there and back
and I didn't even have that and I will
never forget it was the gas Tynan it was
like it was a local gas station it was a
gas attendant he knew I was so dedicated
to your school he loaned me not long
he'd basically gave it because I never
had a chance of hearing back right he
gave me a dollar thirty five each way so
I could catch the bus two hours to get
to the campus and sit there and I
thought everyone was gonna show up there
was only myself and and I thought to
myself this is such a blessing and I sat
there and I picked his brain I'm like
how do I look what does an
what does the the tangent mean what does
the instantaneous rate mean and these
are all words for derivatives in
calculus and I got just to sit down with
them and that was the first time ever
that I realized I was smart and when I
sat with him uh it was amazing because I
realized what was stopping me was my own
fear it wasn't it wasn't anything with
my educational aspect it was me thinking
I couldn't do well in mathematics and
when I learned to remove that fear and
think I'm gonna do this no matter what's
gonna happen I may feel it I may not
feel it I'm gonna do well at this and
I'm gonna just just see where it goes
I'm gonna put my all into it and find
out and I put my own my all into it and
I felt but it's something inside of me
shifted I realized hey family it wasn't
that bad if I can if I can like spend a
little bit more time at it I can
actually do really well at this and that
was the shift in thinking I'm like all
right I'm just gonna spend some more
time in it I'm gonna actually get this
and I went to a Cal State Northridge and
I'm very thankful that was the best
school I could have gone to out for me
personally and I went to Cal State
Northridge and my first job that I had
was a math tutoring job and I scored
because I had taken calculus and I'm
taking those classes over I scored
relatively high on the placement test
and so the job the only this is how
ironic life is the only job that I got
first when I was in college was a math
tutoring job that's ironic I know who's
in it and I remember telling the boss
that hired me the late Jane mrs.
Pinkerton that god bless her
I told her I don't know how to stop so
she says all right just sit down with
him and just read the book with him I
looked and I'm like are you sure
and she said yeah just just sit down and
read the book with them I'm like okay I
mean if I get paid to do this shirt
i sat down with the with the students
and it was they were it was stressful
too because I didn't know what a half
the terminology anything was in the
books and I would sit down I'm like okay
I'm here - you're like well how do you
do this and I I just tell him the truth
I have no idea I'm gonna read the book
with you it's what we literally sat and
read the book together and I found
myself reading the algebra books reading
the geometry books reading the calculus
books reading the statistics books
literally reading and studying and I
think a Jane Pinkerton because had she
not hired me into that role I would not
have graduated top five Wow out of his
6,500 graduating class it was because I
sat down and worked through the students
I have to when I overcome my own fear it
was when I was working with someone else
and recognizing that the person next to
me was the exact mirror of myself and as
if as I could help that person right
next to me I was helping myself at the
same time and it became this teamwork
every single person on the campus needed
mathematics and so I got a chance to
know everybody on campus and became one
of the most popular people because
everyone needed mathematics and that
confidence that was built from taking
something that I failed that before and
shifting my thinking about it and
embracing it attacks should create a new
reality for myself that's what empowered
me and that's what allowed me to
graduate top my class which later on
open up the door to launch rockets it's
incredible and we'll get to the
launching rockets in a second but let's
talk about neuroplasticity so one of the
things that you talked about new TED
talk is literally reprogramming your
brain to overcome the fear to
deconstruct it I think you said fear is
a choice if I'm not mistaken so walk us
through that why is fear choice how do
we use neuroplasticity what does that
look like what's the real process to
make that happen oh that's such a great
question and I love being on your show
because you ask great questions you ask
questions that hit home through a series
of events
I learned the power that we have in our
brain when I overcame so many challenges
when I was launching Rockets of being a
woman and being a one a person of color
in a predominantly area that was
different than myself I had to I had to
think differently I had to think all
right I'm gonna stand out everything
that I do it's gonna have to be twice as
good that's just the nature of it and I
had to change the way in which I was
thinking in order to do that how am I
going to be such a contributing force to
this environment that whenever I leave
I've made a difference and when I
realized that and then when I couple
that with the aspect of mathematics
where the same type of math that we used
to launch to Mars is the same type of
math that we use to literally reshape
our own brain I realized the power of
our thoughts what you're when you say
that I'll push a little bit on that so
when you say that one I don't think most
people know chaos series so chaos theory
basically you'll check me if I'm wrong
chaos theory basically states that the
beginning circumstances matter a lot and
so it also known as the butterfly effect
right butterfly flaps its wings in
Shanghai and there's a storm in
Australia so now if I'm in fractals ever
repeating patterns in nature which are
fractals so that plays a huge part in
chaos theory are you saying that that's
what's happening in the brain and that's
a key part of neuroplasticity
yes yes a chaos theory is the study of
chaos when you two things happen at the
same time one will have a completely
different effect than the other person
or let's say let's do an example
there's two twins born one twin ends up
with cancer the other one ends up living
an entire long life what was the
difference if they had the same DNA
what changes them to have two different
outcomes chaos theory is like okay you
could be in space you can go towards one
destination but any slight change in
position will completely stall your
vehicle or it will throw you to Mars
depending on what your movement is chaos
is the type of mapping that gets you
there so how do you take that into
account mathematically which will make
this analogy just
really powerful when we have thoughts
neuroplasticity self-directed
neuroplasticity is the ability to change
our own structure of our brain in our
head by being aware how chaos theory
affects our brain is that when we are
aware of where we are what we're doing
and more importantly for the decision
that we have in front of us the choice
in our thought in a situation whatever
decision that we make in that full
awareness that decision in itself is a
fractal moment in chaos that literally
changes the brain at that very moment to
restructure it inside of your head so
you can unleash your power so ok neurons
have fire together wire together and I
understand the process of myelination
well enough to sort of know a little bit
about the architecture of what's
happening so if you're thinking a
thought and you're practicing let's say
which is a great example of
neuroplasticity right so I'm gonna
practice it over and over and over those
neurons are gonna fire together
continuously they're gonna literally
rewire like you're talking about in sort
of that chaos moment the myelination
makes things travel more quickly so now
I'm actually getting better
meaning faster and more capable of
thinking that thought what can people do
on a daily basis like when you were
having one of these moments I'm glad you
say you start with awareness right what
am I trying to do so if they know what
they want to do but they don't know how
to get there and they don't know how to
trigger the neuroplasticity what advice
do you have when you look at how are my
thoughts going to align with where I
want to go and you decide that moment in
time where you decide this is a thought
that's gonna get me to being a rocket
scientist this is a thought that's gonna
get me to be a doctor this is a thought
to get me to be a host of my own show
I'm whatever it takes I'm going to have
all the type of thoughts that's going to
get me closer to where I want to go in
the future when we realize that we have
a choice in how we think about things
where we have a choice are we going to
be scale
heard about something are we gonna go
for it no matter what's gonna happen
that is when we unleash this power to
hear what was the thought that you had
that let you become a rocket scientist
the thought was back in 1986 when
Challenger exploded well uh I saw on the
TV and some of the younger crowd that's
looking at this if you have opportunity
go to actually write about this on The
Huffington Post it's one of my articles
out there and Google Challenger
explosion it was January 28th 1986 and
all of us for young kids and we were
looking on the TV
I remember this - you remember that -
and and it was like horrible like
schools all across the entire United
States was looking at the first teacher
growing up into outer space and she was
going with a group of astronauts and
there was a series of events that
happened that created the o-ring to
freeze and warp and so when they lit the
Rockets the solid rocket booster
literally tilted and it enik it ruptured
the external tank in the external tank
and for the special it was like the gas
ink and it punctured the gas tank with
this this fire and there was just fire
the entire explosion healed everyone but
it didn't kill astronauts they were
actually in a pressurized chamber that
was supposed to withstand that type of
explosion and I remember their capsule
went into the to the ocean and when the
capsule actually went down into it hit
the ocean it cracked open like an egg
and they died drowning whoa yeah yeah
people don't undersell know that and
when I found that all and I that was
just so in shock I and Gandhi has a
quote it says you must be the change
that you wish to see in the world and I
remember seeing that and I'm thinking
shouldn't somebody have done something
so that wouldn't have
happened and I didn't realize that at
that very moment when I looked and saw
that I thought I'm gonna be a person to
help prevent that and it wasn't until I
think I was like how and I think it was
like nine when that happened and eight
or nine and then I was sitting the
moment in time where I realized oh my
god my dream of finger humming a rocket
scientist actually came true it wasn't
when I became a rocket scientist I
actually didn't remember that I made
that decision when I was like eight or
nine like I was gonna do this until I
was actually sitting my desk at work and
I looked and I thought wow I'm doing a
rocket science work look I was in the
exact same Department to prevent the
type of failures that I saw when I was
nine years old it's gonna say that
became your job right you were the one
that had to dissect whether something
was gonna blow up or not
I signed engine tests they couldn't test
the Space Shuttle main engine without my
signature I mean that was one of the
most stressful jobs I've ever taken but
yet though you have to know everything
you have to know every bolt you have to
know every well do you have to know
every single pressurized system how long
of hot fire each engine has been through
the ISP how is piece like the horsepower
of the of the rocket and you had to know
office to authorize that your signature
meant nobody's life was going to be in
danger because you've done all that
checking yeah yeah you likened it to
having to look into the future right to
be able to look at a schematic and know
sort of what happens in the future I
found that pretty interesting I think I
have a quote here about it your role was
devised in a way to pick the future that
would ensure flight and I really like
that concept of you're picking a future
right so you're you're going through
this schematic you're looking at
everything the bolts the the way that
the Rings fit everything you kept saying
nooks and crannies like you have to know
every every
these things and then in your mind
construct a vision of the multiple ways
that it could play out how does that
apply to like normal life because I
think that's actually very akin to what
we're all doing yeah
it applies 100% the key thing is that
you have to put into your head exactly
what it is you have to envision it
before it happens and then you have to
envision what you don't want to happen
you have to do both it's saying that the
book and I was so surprised that took a
note on that because normally when you
talk visualization you tell people don't
think about the thing that you don't
want right so the the hands follow the
eyes I think is the phrasing racing so
it's like wherever you look you're gonna
go so if you're looking to the things
you don't want you're gonna
self-destruct but you were saying that
you guys really had to think about how
exactly does this go right and how
exactly does this go wrong yeah how does
that help when you see exactly what you
don't want if you can take the exact
opposite of that that's how you find out
what you do on for example when we
launched Rockets we knew okay we didn't
want there to be an explosion out the
jacket which was like the side of the
rocket but we wanted the explosion to go
down so we thought okay what is the
worst-case scenario and the worst-case
scenario is okay there will be a tire
flames blowing out where we don't want
it to go so I'm like how can we prevent
that how can we focus on where we do
want it to go where's the ideal part for
it to go and the ideal part is for the
the all the flames to go down the tubes
and go through and create a plume so
what we had to do in that aspect is
literally envision exactly what we
didn't want and figure out the chain of
events that could possibly get us there
to what we don't want and then go
backwards the fascinating thing about
that is it's not just theoretical this
is actually what you did so tell us the
story of Joe tell us how that helped it
seemed to really be an important moment
so its Alice's name and he was a man
from China and I he was brilliant in is
brilliant I'm still fascinated
how his brain works and the beauty about
working in rocket science is that I had
the ability to deserve genius brands and
I realized that any of us can gain a
genius brain no matter what age were at
it doesn't matter forget it what
anyone's ever told you you can gain a
smart brain at any age anyway I want to
dive into that for a second because you
said something really important cuz in
in the math class they were telling you
you're not gonna succeed you keep doing
it and we don't really have time to go
deep on this but your mom had a very
traumatic brain injury and you said you
have to decide you're gonna heal no
matter what the doctors are telling you
yes so yeah that that point of decision
is a recurring theme with you which I
find very very interesting yes
decisions reshape the brain every
decision that you make reshapes your
brain the more powerful you are in
making decision after decision after
decision the more powerful your brain
because that make you really careful
about what decisions you make like
you're you super aware when you're
making decisions I've learned to become
aware and I've learned to become aware
to see alright this is where I want to
go how is this decision going to help me
get there it's always keeping that in
the back of her head like this is where
I'm gonna go and I'd made the decision
very early in life that no matter where
I was I was gonna change it I was gonna
change it so I would leave my mark to be
able to help in a very powerful way so
people after I leave would be able to
make their own mark and and build it in
a way in which was going to be very
powerful for their life and the reason
why it's loves Al and I'm so thankful
for him he took me underneath his wing
and I didn't know anything about rockets
at the time I knew math didn't know
anything about rockets and he was
overworked and he had tons of paper on
his desk and he helped me understand
grant my graduate school work and I
would finish my work early in the one
department that I was in at first and I
looked at him and I did something that
no corporate person ever does I said oh
do you need help I'll stay after healthy
I was just so fascinated with what he
was doing and he became my mentor I was
just I was just sitting next to him to
watch how his brain worked I mean is
this it was a similar thing to when I
went to Weston's of those schools and
and how I had to listen and and see how
people were communicating they were
communicating differently here that was
again that that that situation was
repeating in my life and here I was next
to this man and all these other people
who were like brilliant of what they
were doing
I had to observe I wasn't raised like
that I had to find out how they
communicated how they saw things and
each time I could get in the side of
their brain I understood more my brain
more so as I was working with Zhao and I
could get inside his brain I was looking
at how he interacted with people how he
handled work I'm like how does that work
for him how can I tailor that for myself
and that's where Zhao and I became so
most helpful this is the funniest thing
he had spoke with a really deep accent I
mean it was like really really deep no
one could understand him and I could
understand him just fine and we found
ourselves a team and he would introduce
me other people and when he couldn't do
a project he says I'm gonna recommend
Olympia she can do exactly what I can do
is she can help you too and we built
this network and it was this connected
network where we were all supporting
each other so even though they were the
people that were out there that were
very like uh trying to push her buttons
I knew I was connected I knew I had
people who had my back and I had their
back and we all took ownership and
integrity and what we did and we always
were honest with one another that's
amazing and that notion of camaraderie
and finding people that have your back
and you have their back thinks really
really important so what advice do you
have to women who are contemplating
going into stem if you're a woman
interested in science technology
engineering and mathematics do it study
it learn it we need you do it I would
love to have if you're a person in
science technology engineering
mathematics in other words stem go into
it do it there is such a overwhelming
need
for you because you have the ability to
see the big picture
you have the ability not only to do the
mathematics but you have the ability to
see the big picture and use your
communication skills in order for people
to see how important concepts are so
that is the gift that you bring if you
have the opportunity to go into that
stem do it and find me on Facebook if it
let me know that you go into stem I
would love to hear about it
awesome yeah alright tell everybody
before I ask my last question tell
everybody where they can find you online
uh you can find me on answers Unleashed
calm and I have my own show and it has
all these different tips for people to
go into science and how to reshape your
brain you can always find me on
facebook.com slash Olympia Lapointe and
there's always the main website Olympia
Lapointe so you can find me in all the
different ways nice alright final
question what is the impact that you
want to have in the world hmm the impact
that I want to have on the world is to
use media for people to realize that
their thoughts have power I like that
fantastic Olympia thank you so much for
being on the show what an absolute
pleasure this is such an amazing story
of somebody overcoming the odds I cannot
tell you how much I was inspired by this
if you enjoy hearing tales of somebody
that really has to put in the work
overcome it reads like a Hollywood story
I'm not kidding it's absolutely crazy
from starting in poverty from the
struggles that our mom went to but at
every turn it's a story of somebody who
can see the permutations of her future
make the decision and always be moving
forward going towards them never making
excuses understanding that fear is a
choice understanding that at the end of
the day it comes down to you it comes
down to the work that you're willing to
put in and maybe most beautifully the
team that you're able to gather around
you by helping them also make their
dreams come true
it's an incredible story guys this is a
weekly show so if you haven't already be
sure to subscribe and until next time my
friends be legendary
take care
thank you guys so much for watching and
if you haven't already be sure to
subscribe and for exclusive content be
sure to sign up for our newsletter all
of that stuff helps us get even more
amazing guests on the show and helps us
continue to build this community which
at the end of the day is all we care
about so thank you guys so much for
being a part of the impact theory
community